W-14648342-secrets-manager-CLI-plugin-fa (#218)
mulesoft/docs-anypoint-cli: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/secrets-manager.adoc

== Secrets Manager

// tag::summary[]

[%header,cols="35a,65a"]
|===
|Command |Description
|xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-group-create[secrets-mgr:secret-group:create]| Creates a new secret group
|xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager#secret-group-delete[secrets-mgr:secret-group:delete]| Deletes a secret group
|xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-group-describe[secrets-mgr:secret-group:describe]| Shows details of a secret group
|xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-group-list[secrets-mgr:secret-group:list]| Lists secret groups
|xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-group-modify[secrets-mgr:secret-group:modify]| Modifies a secret group
|xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-shared-create[secrets-mgr:shared-secret:create]| Creates a shared secret in a secret group
|xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-shared-describe[secrets-mgr:shared-secret:describe]| Shows details of a shared secret
|xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-shared-list[secrets-mgr:shared-secret:list]| Lists all shared secrets in a secret group

> |xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-shared-modify[secrets-mgr:shared-secret:modify]| Modifies a secret

Reviewer: Modifies a shared secret.

|xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-TLS-context-replace[secrets-mgr:tls-context:mule:replace]| Replaces an existing Mule TLS context secret
|xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-TLS-flex-create[secrets-mgr:tls-context:flex-gateway:create]| Creates a new Flex Gateway TLS Context secret
|xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-TLS-flex-describe[secrets-mgr:tls-context:flex-gateway:describe]| Shows details of a Flex Gateway TLS context secret
|xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-TLS-flex-list[secrets-mgr:tls-context:flex-gateway:list]| Lists all Flex Gateway TLS context secrets in a secret group
|xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-TLS-flex-modify[secrets-mgr:tls-context:flex-gateway:modify]| Modifies a Flex Gateway TLS context secret
|xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-TLS-flex-replace[secrets-mgr:tls-context:flex-gatway:replace]| Replaces an existing Flex Gateway TLS context secret

|===

// end::summary[]

// tag::commands[]

[[secret-group-create]]
== secrets-mgr:secret-group:create

----
> secrets-mgr:secret-group:create [flags] 
----

This Command creates a new secret group with the name specified in `--name`.

> Prompt the `--downloadable` flag if you want this group to be downloadable by members of your organization.

Reviewer: '--downloadable' flag is not to enable downloading of secrets for org members.  

When creating API Manager Proxy (Mule Gateway), API Manager will list only the secret groups that are marked as "downloadable" from which TLS context can be selected.  Since Proxy jar artifacts that embeds the TLS context secrets can be downloaded by customers , this "downloadable" opt-in flag is to ensure that the customer is aware that the secrets in this secret group can be included in the downloaded artifact.

This command also accepts the default `--help` flag.

[[secret-group-delete]]
== secrets-mgr:secret-group:delete

----

> > secrets-mgr:secret-group:delete [flags] <id>

Reviewer: id must be passed in the '--id' flag. It is not an argument.

----
This command deletes the secret group specified in <id> +

[WARNING]

> This command does not prompt twice before deleting. If you send a delete instruction, it does not ask for confirmation.

Reviewer: Good Point! I'll file an enhancement for future release to prompt for confirmation before the delete.

This command accepts only the default flag `--help`.

[[secret-group-describe]]
== secrets-mgr:secret-group:describe

----
> secrets-mgr:secret-group:describe [flags] <id>
----

Returns the details of a secret group specified in <id>. 

This command accepts only the default flag `--help`.

[[secret-group-list]]
== secrets-mgr:secret-group:list

----
> secrets-mgr:secret-group:list [flags]
----

Displays all your secret groups. It returns the name of the secret group, and the ID.

This command accepts only the default flag `--help`.

[[secrets-group-modify]]
== secrets-mgr:secret-group:modify

----
> secrets-mgr:secret-group:modify  [flags] <id> 
----

> This command modifies a secret group you pass in `<id>`. +

Reviewer: id must be passed in using the '--id' flag.   

None of the commands in secrets manager plugin accepts an argument. All values are passed through the flag.
Please see the "secret group" tab in the following spreadsheet for flags that are applicable for each command.

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18fz2mC2HdtkJRcrSL-u2AbsFTLp5KSHZiQ25tJ066YU/edit#gid=1533941102

|xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-TLS-context-replace[secrets-mgr:tls-context:mule:replace]| Replaces an existing Mule TLS context secret
|xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-TLS-flex-create[secrets-mgr:tls-context:flex-gateway:create]| Creates a new Flex Gateway TLS Context secret
|xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-TLS-flex-describe[secrets-mgr:tls-context:flex-gateway:describe]| Shows details of a Flex Gateway TLS context secret
|xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-TLS-flex-list[secrets-mgr:tls-context:flex-gateway:list]| Lists all Flex Gateway TLS context secrets in a secret group
|xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-TLS-flex-modify[secrets-mgr:tls-context:flex-gateway:modify]| Modifies a Flex Gateway TLS context secret
|xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-TLS-flex-replace[secrets-mgr:tls-context:flex-gatway:replace]| Replaces an existing Flex Gateway TLS context secret

|===

// end::summary[]

// tag::commands[]

[[secret-group-create]]
== secrets-mgr:secret-group:create

----
> secrets-mgr:secret-group:create [flags] 
----

Creates a new secret group with the name specified in `--name`.

> Prompt the `--downloadable` flag if you want the secrets in this group to be included in the download when creating an API Manager Proxy.

Reviewer: Since this downloadable flag is a pre-requisite and required only for API Manager proxy, perhaps we can restate this as 

`prompt the --downloadable flag if the secrets in this group are referenced in an API Manager proxy.`

This command also accepts the default `--help` flag.

[[secret-group-delete]]
== secrets-mgr:secret-group:delete

----
> secrets-mgr:secret-group:delete [flags] 
----
Deletes the secret group specified in `--id` +

[WARNING]
This command does not prompt twice before deleting. If you send a delete instruction, it does not ask for confirmation.

This command accepts the default flag `--help`.

[[secret-group-describe]]
== secrets-mgr:secret-group:describe

----
> secrets-mgr:secret-group:describe [flags]
----

Returns the details of a secret group specified in `--id`. 

This command accepts the default flag `--help`.

[[secret-group-list]]
== secrets-mgr:secret-group:list

----
> secrets-mgr:secret-group:list [flags]
----

Displays all your secret groups. It returns the name of the secret group, and the ID.

This command accepts only the default flag `--help`.

[[secrets-group-modify]]
== secrets-mgr:secret-group:modify

----
> secrets-mgr:secret-group:modify  [flags] 
----

> Modifies a secret group you pass in `--id`. +

Reviewer: For consistency with docs for other actions, can this be changed to:

_Modifies a secret group specified in `--id`

Besides the default flag `--help`, this command also accepts:

[%header,cols="30a,40a,30a"]
|===
|Flag | Description |  Example
|`--name` | New name for your secret group | `--name TestSecretGroup`

> |`--downloadable` | The secrets in this group are included in the download when creating an API Manager Proxy.

Reviewer: This can be rephrased to:
--downloadable - The secrets in this group can be referenced in an API Manager Proxy
--no-downloadable - The secrets in this group cannot be referenced in an API Manger Proxy

sorry, this flag name is not intuitive. Unfortunately, we need to stick with it to maintain consistency with UI & APIs.

 | `--downloadable`
|`--no-downloadable` | The secrets in this group are not included in the download when creating an API Manager Proxy. | `--no-downloadable`

|===

[[secret-shared-create]]
== secrets-mgr:shared-secret:create

----
> secrets-mgr:shared-secret:create [flags] 
----

Creates a new shared secret in the secret group specified in `--group-id`, using the name specified in `--name` and the type specified in `--type`. 

Besides the default flag `--help`, this command also accepts:

[%header,cols="30a,40a,30a"]
|===
|Flag | Description |  Example

> |`--group-id`| Mandatory. Secret group ID. | `--group-id 030493`

Reviewer: group-id must be a valid UUID, you can use the following example UUID 
`1fec0a49-1551-4199-bfcc-cf0352d0f29d`

|`--name`|Mandatory. Name for your secret. | `--name TestSecret`
|`--type` | Mandatory. Choose the shared secret type. +
Options: Blob, UsernamePassword, SymmetricKey, S3Credential | `--type UsernamePassword`
|`--content` |Blob text content (for blob type secrets)| `--type Blob --content example`

> |`--expiration-date`| Expiration date for the secret. | `--expiration-date 01/01/2025`

Reviewer: let's use the ISO format for the expiration date, 2025-01-25 (YYYY-MM-DD)

|`--secret-access-key`| S3 secret access key (for S3Credential type secrets). | `-type S3Credential -secret-access-key 00000000000`
|`--secret-password`| Password (for UsernamePassword type secrets). | `-type UsernamePassword -secret-password testpassword12`
|`--secret-username`| Username (for UsernamePassword type secrets). | `-type UsernamePassword -secret-username mulesoft-username`

|===

[[secret-shared-describe]]
== secrets-mgr:shared-secret:describe

----
> secrets-mgr:shared-secret:describe [flags] 
----
Returns the details of a shared secret specified in `--id` from the secret group you pass in `--group-id`. 

This command accepts the default flag `--help`.

NOTE: The output does not include any sensitive or secret data.

[[secret-shared-list]]
== secrets-mgr:shared-secret:list

----
> secrets-mgr:shared-secret:list [flags]
----

Lists all shared secrets in a secret group specified in `--group-id`

This command accepts the default flag `--help`.

[[secret-shared-modify]]
== secrets-mgr:shared-secret:modify

----
> secrets-mgr:shared-secret:modify  [flags] 
----

> Modifies the name or expiration date for a shared secret specified in `--id`, from the secret group you pass in`--groupid` 

Reviewer: typo: --group-id

Besides the default flag `--help`, this command also accepts:

[%header,cols="30a,40a,30a"]
|===
|Flag | Description |  Example
|`--name` | New name for the shared secret | `--name TestSharedSecret`

> |`--expiration-date` | New expiration date for the shared secret | `--expiration-date 01/01/2025`

Reviewer: for --expiration-date, please use the ISO format for the examples specified across this doc: example - 2025-01-25

|===

[[secrets-shared-replace]]
== secrets-mgr:secret-group:replace

----
> secrets-mgr:shared-secret:replace  [flags] 
----

> Replaces an existing shared secret you pass in `--id`, from the secret group you pass in `--group-id`, using the type you pass in `--type`. 

Reviewer: For consistency, should it be 

_Replaces an existing shared secret specified in `--id`_

Besides the default flag `--help`, this command also accepts:

[%header,cols="30a,40a,30a"]
|===
|Flag | Description |  Example

> |`--id`| Mandatory. Secret ID. | `--id 030493`

Reviewer: `--id` value must be UUID, example: `6e8417f6-2ca7-417a-82b6-047189a18b53`
`--group-id` value must be UUID as well, example: `1fec0a49-1551-4199-bfcc-cf0352d0f29d`
`--expiration-date` is preferred to be in ISO format: example: `2025-01-01`

|`--access-key-id`| S3 access key id (for S3Credential type secrets). | `--type S3Credential -access-key-id 03249348324`
|`--secret-access-key`| S3 secret access key (for S3Credential type secrets). | `-type S3Credential -secret-access-key 00000000000`
|`--secret-password`| Password (for UsernamePassword type secrets). | `-type UsernamePassword -secret-password testpassword12`
|`--secret-username`| Username (for UsernamePassword type secrets). | `-type UsernamePassword -secret-username mulesoft-username`

|===

[[secret-certificate-create]]
== secrets-mgr:certificate:create

----
> secrets-mgr:certificate:create [flags] 
----

Creates a new certificate secret in the secret group specified in `--group-id`, using the name specified in `--name` and the type specified in `--type`. 

Besides the default flag `--help`, this command also accepts:

[%header,cols="30a,40a,30a"]
|===
|Flag | Description |  Example
|`--group-id`| Mandatory. Secret group ID. | `--group-id 030493`
|`--name`|Mandatory. Name for your secret. | `--name TestSecret`
|`--type` | Mandatory. Choose the certificate secret type. +
Options: PEM. | `--type PEM`

> |`--cert-file` |Certificate file type | `--cert-file json`

Reviewer: `--cert-file` specifies the cert file path. example:

`--cert-file=./example-cert.pem`

--expiration-date value should be in ISO format

|`--expiration-date`| Expiration date for the secret. | `--expiration-date 01/01/2025`

|===

[[secret-certificate-describe]]
== secrets-mgr:certificate:describe

----
> secrets-mgr:certificate:describe [flags] 
----
Returns the details of a certificate secret specified in `--id` from the secret group you pass in `--group-id`. 

This command accepts the default flag `--help`.

NOTE: The output does not include any sensitive or secret data.

[[secret-certificate-list]]
== secrets-mgr:certificate:list

----
> secrets-mgr:certificate:list [flags]
----

Lists all certificate secrets in a secret group specified in `--group-id`

This command accepts the default flag `--help`.

[[secret-certificate-modify]]
== secrets-mgr:certificate:modify

----
> secrets-mgr:certificate:modify  [flags] 
----

> Modifies the name or expiration date for a certificate secret specified in `--id` from the group you pass in`--groupid`. 

Reviewer: type: should be `--group-id`

Besides the default flag `--help`, this command also accepts:

[%header,cols="30a,40a,30a"]
|===
|Flag | Description |  Example
|`--name` | New name for the certificate secret | `--name TestCertificateSecret`
|`--expiration-date` | New expiration date for the keystore secret | `--expiration-date 01/01/2025`

|===

[[secrets-certificate-replace]]
== secrets-mgr:certificate:replace

----
> secrets-mgr:certificate:replace  [flags] 
----

> Replaces an existing certificate secret you pass in `--id`, from the secret group you pass in `--group-id`, using the type you pass in `--type`. 

Reviewer: For consistency, it should be
Replaces an existing certificate secret **specified**  in `--id`...

Besides the default flag `--help`, this command also accepts:

[%header,cols="30a,40a,30a"]
|===
|Flag | Description |  Example
|`--id`| Mandatory. Secret ID. | `--id 030493`
|`--group-id`|Mandatory. Secret Group ID. | `--group-id 000000`
|`--type`| Mandatory. Certificate secret type. The value must match the existing secret type. | `--type PEM`
|`--name` | New name for your shared secret | `--name TestSharedSecret`

> |`--cert-file` |Certificate file type | `--cert-file json`

Reviewer: `--cert-file` specifies the cert file path. example:

`--cert-file=./example-cert.pem`

--expiration-date value should be in ISO format

|`--expiration-date`| Expiration date for the secret. | `--expiration-date 01/01/2025`

|===

[[secret-keystore-create]]
== secrets-mgr:keystore:create

----
> secrets-mgr:keystore:create [flags] 
----

Creates a new keystore secret in the secret group specified in `--group-id`, using the name specified in `--name` and the type specified in `--type`. 

Besides the default flag `--help`, this command also accepts:

[%header,cols="30a,40a,30a"]

> |===

Reviewer: Please update the following flag values

`--capath-file` ./example-capath.pem
`--expiration-date` 2025-01-01
`--key-file` ./example-key.pem
`--keystore-file` ./keystorefile.jks

`--store-passphrase` flag is missing. Please add this flag with an example value as exampleStorePassphrase

|`--expiration-date`| Expiration date for the secret| `--expiration-date 01/01/2025`
|`--key-file`| Key file for PEM keystore secrets| `--key-file examplefile.pem`
|`--key-passphrase`|Passphrase required for JKS, PKCS12 and JCEKS keystore secrets. Optional for PEM keystore secrets| `--key-passphrase examplePassphrase`
|`--keystore-file` |Keystore filepath for JKS, PKCS12, and JCEKS type secrets. | `--keystore-file keystorefile`

|===

[[secret-keystore-describe]]
== secrets-mgr:keystore:describe

----
> secrets-mgr:keystore:describe [flags] 
----

Returns the details of a keystore secret specified in `--id` from the secret group you pass in `--group-id`. 

This command accepts the default flag `--help`.

NOTE: The output does not include any sensitive or secret data.

[[secret-keystore-list]]
== secrets-mgr:keystore:list

----
> secrets-mgr:keystore:list [flags]
----

Lists all keystore secrets in a secret group specified in `--group-id`

This command accepts the default flag `--help`.

[[secret-keystore-modify]]
== secrets-mgr:keystore:modify

----
> secrets-mgr:keystore:modify  [flags] 
----

> Modifies the name or expiration date for a keystore secret specified in `--id` from the group you pass in`--groupid`. 

Reviewer: typo: should be `--group-id`

Besides the default flag `--help`, this command also accepts:

[%header,cols="30a,40a,30a"]
|===
|Flag | Description |  Example
|`--name` | New name for the keystore secret | `--name TestKeystoreSecret`
|`--expiration-date` | New expiration date for the keystore secret | `--expiration-date 01/01/2025`

|===

[[secrets-keystore-replace]]
== secrets-mgr:keystore:replace

----
> secrets-mgr:keystore:replace  [flags] 
----

> Replaces an existing keystore secret you pass in `--id`, from the secret group you pass in `--group-id`, using the type you pass in `--type`. 

Reviewer: For consistency, it should be
Replaces an existing keystore secret **specified**  in `--id`...

Besides the default flag `--help`, this command also accepts:

[%header,cols="30a,40a,30a"]
|===
|Flag | Description |  Example

> |`--id`| Mandatory. Secret ID. | `--id 030493`

Reviewer: Please change the examples for the following flags

`--id` 8638d79a-ff69-4a42-a7d2-b3660cf2b2b3
`--group-id` 1fec0a49-1551-4199-bfcc-cf0352d0f29d
`--capath-file` ./example-capath.pem
`--expiration-date` 2025-01-01
`--key-file` ./example-key.pem
`--keystore-file` ./keystorefile.jks

`--store-passphrase` flag is missing. Please add this flag with an example value as exampleStorePassphrase

|`--expiration-date`| Expiration date for the secret| `--expiration-date 01/01/2025`
|`--key-file`| Key file for PEM keystore secrets| `--key-file examplefile.pem`
|`--key-passphrase`|Passphrase required for JKS, PKCS12 and JCEKS keystore secrets. Optional for PEM keystore secrets| `--key-passphrase examplePassphrase`
|`--keystore-file` |Keystore filepath for JKS, PKCS12, and JCEKS type secrets. | `--keystore-file keystorefile`
|`--name`| Name for your secret. | `--name TestSecret`

|===

[[secret-truststore-create]]
== secrets-mgr:truststore:create

----
> secrets-mgr:truststore:create [flags] 
----

Creates a new truststore secret in the secret group specified in `--group-id`, using the name specified in `--name` and the type specified in `--type`. 

Besides the default flag `--help`, this command also accepts:

[%header,cols="30a,40a,30a"]
|===
|Flag | Description |  Example
|`--group-id`| Mandatory. Secret group ID. | `--group-id 030493`
|`--name`|Mandatory. Name for your secret. | `--name TestSecret`
|`--type` | Mandatory. Choose the truststore secret type. +
Options: PEM, JKS, PKCS12, JCEKS. | `--type PEM`

> |`--truststore-file` |Mandatory. Truststore filepath. | `--truststore-file truststorefile`

Reviewer: please update the example for the following flags
`--truststore-file` ./truststorefile.pem

----
> secrets-mgr:truststore:describe [flags] 
----

Returns the details of a truststore secret specified in `--id` from the secret group you pass in `--group-id`. 

This command accepts the default flag `--help`.

NOTE: The output does not include any sensitive or secret data.

[[secret-truststore-list]]
== secrets-mgr:truststore:list

----
> secrets-mgr:truststore:list [flags]
----

Lists all truststore secrets in a secret group specified in `--group-id`

This command accepts the default flag `--help`.

[[secret-truststore-modify]]
== secrets-mgr:truststore:modify

----
> secrets-mgr:truststore:modify  [flags] 
----

Modifies the name or expiration date for a truststore secret specified in `--id` from the group you pass in`--groupid`. 

Besides the default flag `--help`, this command also accepts:

[%header,cols="30a,40a,30a"]
|===
|Flag | Description |  Example
|`--name` | New name for the truststore secret | `--name TestTruststoreSecret`
|`--expiration-date` | New expiration date for the truststore secret | `--expiration-date 01/01/2025`

|===

[[secrets-truststore-replace]]
== secrets-mgr:truststore:replace

----
> secrets-mgr:truststore:replace  [flags] 
----

> Replaces an existing truststore secret you pass in `--id`, from the secret group you pass in `--group-id`, using the type you pass in `--type`. 

Reviewer: For consistency, it should be
Replaces an existing truststore secret **specified**  in `--id`...

Besides the default flag `--help`, this command also accepts:

[%header,cols="30a,40a,30a"]
|===

> |Flag | Description |  Example

Reviewer: please update the example for the following flags
`--truststore-file` ./truststorefile.pem
`--expiration-date` 2025-01-01

|`--truststore-file` |Mandatory. Truststore filepath. | `--truststore-file truststorefile`
|`--algorithm` |Key manager factory algorithm for  JKS, PKCS12, and JCEKS keystore secrets. | `--algorithm SUNX509`
|`--expiration-date`| Expiration date for the secret| `--expiration-date 01/01/2025`
|`--name`| Name for your secret. | `--name TestSecret`
|`--store-passphrase`|Passphrase required for JKS, PKCS12 and JCEKS keystore secrets. | `--store-passphrase examplePassphrase`

|===

[[secret-TLS-context-create]]
== secrets-mgr:tls-context:mule:create

----
> secrets-mgr:tls-context:mule:create [flags] 
----

Creates a new Mule TLS Context secret in the secret group specified in `--group-id`, and using the name specified in `--name`.

Besides the default flag `--help`, this command also accepts:

[%header,cols="30a,40a,30a"]
|===
|Flag | Description |  Example
|`--group-id`| Mandatory. Secret group ID. | `--group-id 030493`
|`--name`|Mandatory. Name for your secret. | `--name TestSecret`
|`--tls-version` |TLS Version +
Default: TLSv1.2. | `--tls-version TLSv1.1`
|`--cipher` |Cipher for the specified TLS version. | `--cipher      TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256`

> |`--expiration-date`| Expiration date for the secret| `--expiration-date 01/01/2025`

Reviewer: Please use the following example values
`--group-id` 59573b4e-cdea-4917-ac34-b047e1e94dbe
`keystore-id` 2d773060-aed0-46a7-b131-efbdb6ceff70
`trustore-id` 588c33e4-7f6f-44be-94e8-8b65a56d1670
`expiration-date` 2025-01-01

|`--insecure`|Disable certificate validation. | `--insecure`
|`--keystore-id`|A valid JKS, JCEKS or PKCS12 keystore ID in the secret group, which is used as keystore for the TLS context. | `--keystore-id 00003443`
|`--truststore-id`|A valid JKS, JCEKS or PKCS12 truststore ID in the secret group, which is used as truststore for the TLS context. | `--truststore-id 001111032`

|===

[[secret-TLS-context-describe]]
== secrets-mgr:tls-context:mule:describe

----
> secrets-mgr:tls-context:mule:describe [flags] 
----

Returns the details of a Mule TLS Context secret specified in `--id` from the secret group you pass in `--group-id`. 

This command accepts the default flag `--help`.

NOTE: The output does not include any sensitive or secret data.

[[secret-TLS-context-list]]
== secrets-mgr:tls-context:mule:list

----
> secrets-mgr:tls-context:mule:list [flags]
----

Lists all Mule TLS Context secrets in a secret group specified in `--group-id`

This command accepts the default flag `--help`.

[[secret-TLS-context-modify]]
== secrets-mgr:tls-context:mule:modify

----
> secrets-mgr:TLS-context:mule:modify  [flags] 
----

> Modifies the name or expiration date for a Mule TLS Context secret specified in `--id` from the group you pass in`--groupid`. 

Reviewer: typo: should be `--group-id`

Besides the default flag `--help`, this command also accepts:

[%header,cols="30a,40a,30a"]
|===
|Flag | Description |  Example
|`--name` | New name for the truststore secret | `--name TestTruststoreSecret`

> |`--expiration-date` | New expiration date for the truststore secret | `--expiration-date 01/01/2025`

Reviewer: `expiration-date` 2025-01-01

|===

[[secrets-TLS-context-replace]]
== secrets-mgr:tls-context:mule:replace

----
> secrets-mgr:tls:context:mule:replace  [flags] 
----

> Replaces an existing Mule TLS Context secret you pass in `--id`, from the secret group you pass in `--group-id`, using the type you pass in `--type`. 

Reviewer: For consistency, it should be
Replaces an existing Mule TLS Context secret **specified**  in `--id`...

Besides the default flag `--help`, this command also accepts:

[%header,cols="30a,40a,30a"]
|===
|Flag | Description |  Example

> |`--group-id`| Mandatory. Secret group ID. | `--group-id 030493`

Reviewer: Please use the following example values
`--group-id` 59573b4e-cdea-4917-ac34-b047e1e94dbe
`keystore-id` 2d773060-aed0-46a7-b131-efbdb6ceff70
`trustore-id` 588c33e4-7f6f-44be-94e8-8b65a56d1670
`expiration-date` 2025-01-01

|`--name`|Mandatory. Name for your secret. | `--name TestSecret`
|`--tls-version` |TLS Version +
Default: TLSv1.2. | `--tls-version TLSv1.1`
|`--cipher` |Cipher for the specified TLS version. | `--cipher      TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256`
|`--expiration-date`| Expiration date for the secret| `--expiration-date 01/01/2025`
|`--insecure`|Disable certificate validation. | `--insecure`
|`--keystore-id`|A valid JKS, JCEKS or PKCS12 keystore ID in the secret group, which is used as keystore for the TLS context. | `--keystore-id 00003443`
|`--truststore-id`|A valid JKS, JCEKS or PKCS12 truststore ID in the secret group, which is used as truststore for the TLS context. | `--truststore-id 001111032`

|===

[[secret-TLS-flex-create]]
== secrets-mgr:tls-context:flex-gateway:create

----
> secrets-mgr:tls-context:flex-gateway:create [flags] 
----

Creates a new Flex Gateway TLS Context secret in the secret group specified in `--group-id`, and using the name specified in `--name`.

Besides the default flag `--help`, this command also accepts:

[%header,cols="30a,40a,30a"]
|===
|Flag | Description |  Example

> |`--group-id`| Mandatory. Secret group ID. | `--group-id 030493`

Reviewer: Please use the following example values
`--group-id` 59573b4e-cdea-4917-ac34-b047e1e94dbe
`--keystore-id` 2d773060-aed0-46a7-b131-efbdb6ceff70
`--trustore-id` 588c33e4-7f6f-44be-94e8-8b65a56d1670
`--expiration-date` 2025-01-01
`--min-tls-version` TLSv1.2
`--max-tls-version` TLSv1.2

|`--name`|Mandatory. Name for your secret. | `--name TestSecret`
|`--max-tls-version` |Maximum TLS Version +

> Default: TLSv1.3. | `--tls-version TLSv1.1`

Reviewer: In the example, this should be `--max-tls-version` and not `--tls-version`. Also, use TLSv1.2 instead of TLSv1.1

|`--min-tls-version` |Minimum TLS Version +

> Default: TLSv1.1. | `--tls-version TLSv1.2`

Reviewer: Default value for both `--min-tls-version` and `--max-tls-version` is TLSv1.3

> Default: TLSv1.1. | `--tls-version TLSv1.2`

Reviewer: In the example, this should be `--min-tls-version` and not `--tls-version`. Also, use TLSv1.2 instead of TLSv1.1

|`--truststore-id`|A valid PEM truststore ID in the secret group, which is used as truststore for the TLS context. | `--truststore-id 001111032`
|`--skip-server-cert-validation` | Skip service certificate validation | `--skip-server-cert-validation`

|===

For more information on ciphers, please see xref:flex-gateway::conn-tls-config[Configuring TLS Context for Flex Gateway in Connected Mode]

[[secret-TLS-flex-describe]]
== secrets-mgr:tls-context:flex-gateway:describe

----
> secrets-mgr:tls-context:flex-gateway:describe [flags] 
----

Returns the details of a Flex Gateway TLS Context secret specified in `--id` from the secret group you pass in `--group-id`. 

This command accepts the default flag `--help`.

NOTE: The output does not include any sensitive or secret data.

[[secret-TLS-flex-list]]
== secrets-mgr:tls-context:flex-gateway:list

----
> secrets-mgr:tls-context:flex-gateway:list [flags]
----

Lists all Flex Gateway TLS Context secrets in a secret group specified in `--group-id`

This command accepts the default flag `--help`.

[[secret-TLS-flex-modify]]
== secrets-mgr:tls-context:flex-gateway:modify

----
> secrets-mgr:TLS-context:flex-gateway:modify  [flags] 
----

> Modifies the name or expiration date for a Flex Gateway TLS Context secret specified in `--id` from the group you pass in`--groupid`. 

Reviewer: typo: it must be `--group-id`

Besides the default flag `--help`, this command also accepts:

[%header,cols="30a,40a,30a"]
|===
|Flag | Description |  Example
|`--name` | New name for the truststore secret | `--name TestTruststoreSecret`
|`--expiration-date` | New expiration date for the truststore secret | `--expiration-date 01/01/2025`

|===

[[secrets-TLS-flex-replace]]
== secrets-mgr:tls-context:flex-gateway:replace

----
> secrets-mgr:tls:context:flex-gateway:replace  [flags] 
----

> Replaces an existing Flex Gateway TLS Context secret you pass in `--id`, from the secret group you pass in `--group-id`, using the type you pass in `--type`. 

Reviewer: For consistency, it should be
Replaces an existing Flex Gateway TLS Context secret **specified**  in `--id`...

Besides the default flag `--help`, this command also accepts:

[%header,cols="30a,40a,30a"]
|===

> |Flag | Description |  Example

Reviewer: Please use the following example values
`--group-id` 59573b4e-cdea-4917-ac34-b047e1e94dbe
`--keystore-id` 2d773060-aed0-46a7-b131-efbdb6ceff70
`--trustore-id` 588c33e4-7f6f-44be-94e8-8b65a56d1670
`--expiration-date` 2025-01-01
`--min-tls-version` TLSv1.2
`--max-tls-version` TLSv1.2

|xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-keystore-modify[secrets-mgr:keystore:modify]| Modifies a keystore secret
|xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-keystore-replace[secrets-mgr:keystore:replace]| Replaces an existing keystore secret
|xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-truststore-create[secrets-mgr:truststore:create]| Creates a new truststore secret
|xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-truststore-describe[secrets-mgr:truststore:describe]| Shows details of a truststore secret
|xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-truststore-list[secrets-mgr:truststore:list]| Lists all truststore secrets in a secret group
|xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-truststore-modify[secrets-mgr:truststore:modify]| Modifies a truststore secret
|xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-truststore-replace[secrets-mgr:truststore:replace]| Replaces an existing truststore secret
|xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-TLS-context-create[secrets-mgr:tls-context:mule:create]| Creates a new Mule TLS Context secret

> |xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-TLS-context-describe[secrets-mgr:tls-context:mule:describe]| Shows details of a Mule TLS context secret

Reviewer 2: Should TLS Context always be init cap?

|xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-TLS-flex-describe[secrets-mgr:tls-context:flex-gateway:describe]| Shows details of a Flex Gateway TLS context secret
|xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-TLS-flex-list[secrets-mgr:tls-context:flex-gateway:list]| Lists all Flex Gateway TLS context secrets in a secret group
|xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-TLS-flex-modify[secrets-mgr:tls-context:flex-gateway:modify]| Modifies a Flex Gateway TLS context secret
|xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-TLS-flex-replace[secrets-mgr:tls-context:flex-gatway:replace]| Replaces an existing Flex Gateway TLS context secret

|===

// end::summary[]

// tag::commands[]

[[secret-group-create]]
== secrets-mgr:secret-group:create

----
> secrets-mgr:secret-group:create [flags] 
----

Creates a new secret group with the name specified in `--name`.

Prompt the `--downloadable` flag if the secrets in this group are referenced in an API Manager proxy.

This command also accepts the default `--help` flag.

[[secret-group-delete]]
== secrets-mgr:secret-group:delete

----
> secrets-mgr:secret-group:delete [flags] 
----

> Deletes the secret group specified in `--id` +

Reviewer 2: Should --id be listed in a Flag table?

[WARNING]

> This command does not prompt twice before deleting. If you send a delete instruction, it does not ask for confirmation.

Reviewer 2: This is confusing - "twice" implies two confirmations. Also, it's not clear to me what "it" refers to in the second sentence (delete instruction or...?"

What about "This command doesn't prompt for confirmation before deleting."

This command accepts the default flag `--help`.

[[secret-group-describe]]
== secrets-mgr:secret-group:describe

----
> secrets-mgr:secret-group:describe [flags]
----

Returns the details of a secret group specified in `--id`. 

This command accepts the default flag `--help`.

[[secret-group-list]]
== secrets-mgr:secret-group:list

----
> secrets-mgr:secret-group:list [flags]
----

> Displays all your secret groups. It returns the name of the secret group, and the ID.

Reviewer 2: Is there standard verbiage for List commands? Lists secret groups, including the name and ID.

Author: honestly, the standard has been displays for all the other commands, but obviously lists makes more sense. I'm adding this to our content audit!

This command accepts only the default flag `--help`.

[[secrets-group-modify]]
== secrets-mgr:secret-group:modify

----

> > secrets-mgr:secret-group:modify  [flags] 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> secrets-mgr:secret-group:modify [flags] 
```

----

Modifies a secret group specified in `--id`. +

> Besides the default flag `--help`, this command also accepts:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition to the default flag `--help`, this command accepts the following flags:
```

Reviewer 2: Or whatever the standard intro to the Flags table is.

Author: Same here, we always use this intro. But lets change it and I'll add this to the content audit to update

[%header,cols="30a,40a,30a"]
|===
|Flag | Description |  Example

> |`--name` | New name for your secret group | `--name TestSecretGroup`

Reviewer 2: Can you make the Descriptions all full sentences?

|`--downloadable` | The secrets in this group are referenced in an API Manager proxy.
 | `--downloadable`

> |`--no-downloadable` | TThe secrets in this group are not referenced in an API Manager proxy. | `--no-downloadable`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`--no-downloadable` | The secrets in this group are not referenced in an API Manager proxy. | `--no-downloadable`
```

|===

[[secret-shared-create]]
== secrets-mgr:shared-secret:create

----
> secrets-mgr:shared-secret:create [flags] 
----

Creates a new shared secret in the secret group specified in `--group-id`, using the name specified in `--name` and the type specified in `--type`. 

> Besides the default flag `--help`, this command also accepts:

Reviewer 2: See line 109

[%header,cols="30a,40a,30a"]
|===
|Flag | Description |  Example

> |`--group-id`| Mandatory. Secret group ID. | `--group-id 1fec0a49-1551-4199-bfcc-cf0352d0f29d`

Reviewer 2: I think Description should lead with the description, rather than "Mandatory".
Secret group ID (required)

Lines 136-137 too

Reviewer 2: No period unless all are complete sentences.

Reviewer 2: Mandatory or required?

|`--name`|Mandatory. Name for your secret. | `--name TestSecret`
|`--type` | Mandatory. Choose the shared secret type. +

> Options: Blob, UsernamePassword, SymmetricKey, S3Credential | `--type UsernamePassword`

Reviewer 2: Should these options be in code font?

|`--content` |Blob text content (for blob type secrets)| `--type Blob --content example`

> |`--expiration-date`| Expiration date for the secret. | `--expiration-date 01/01/2025`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`--expiration-date`| Expiration date for the secret | `--expiration-date 01/01/2025`
```

> |`--key`| Key value (for SymmetricKey type secrets). | `--type SymmetricKey --key 49324329`

Reviewer 2: Remove periods for 141-145 descriptions

|`--access-key-id`| S3 access key id (for S3Credential type secrets). | `--type S3Credential -access-key-id 03249348324`
|`--secret-access-key`| S3 secret access key (for S3Credential type secrets). | `-type S3Credential -secret-access-key 00000000000`
|`--secret-password`| Password (for UsernamePassword type secrets). | `-type UsernamePassword -secret-password testpassword12`
|`--secret-username`| Username (for UsernamePassword type secrets). | `-type UsernamePassword -secret-username mulesoft-username`

|===

[[secret-shared-describe]]
== secrets-mgr:shared-secret:describe

----
> secrets-mgr:shared-secret:describe [flags] 
----

> Returns the details of a shared secret specified in `--id` from the secret group specified in `--group-id`. 

Reviewer 2: Should there be a table for these flags?

This command accepts the default flag `--help`.

NOTE: The output does not include any sensitive or secret data.

[[secret-shared-list]]
== secrets-mgr:shared-secret:list

----
> secrets-mgr:shared-secret:list [flags]
----

> Lists all shared secrets in a secret group specified in `--group-id`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Lists all shared secrets in a secret group specified in `--group-id`.
```

This command accepts the default flag `--help`.

[[secret-shared-modify]]
== secrets-mgr:shared-secret:modify

----

> > secrets-mgr:shared-secret:modify  [flags] 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> secrets-mgr:shared-secret:modify [flags] 
```

Reviewer 2: I don't know if the extra spaces matter, but you might search for and remove.

----

> Modifies the name or expiration date for a shared secret specified in `--id`, from the secret group specified in`--group-id` 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Modifies the name or expiration date for a shared secret specified by `--id` in the secret group specified by`--group-id`.
```

Reviewer 2: I think use this language for similar sentences.

> Besides the default flag `--help`, this command also accepts:

Reviewer 2: See line 109 - apply globally.

[%header,cols="30a,40a,30a"]
|===
|Flag | Description |  Example
|`--name` | New name for the shared secret | `--name TestSharedSecret`
|`--expiration-date` | New expiration date for the shared secret | `--expiration-date 2025-01-25`

|===

[[secrets-shared-replace]]
== secrets-mgr:secret-group:replace

----
> secrets-mgr:shared-secret:replace  [flags] 
----

> Replaces an existing shared secret specified in `--id`, from the secret group specified in `--group-id`, using the type specified in `--type`. 

Reviewer 2: specified by

> Besides the default flag `--help`, this command also accepts:

Reviewer 2: 109

[%header,cols="30a,40a,30a"]
|===
|Flag | Description |  Example

> |`--id`| Mandatory. Secret ID. | `--id 6e8417f6-2ca7-417a-82b6-047189a18b53`

Reviewer 2: See line 135 and apply in this table.

Reviewer 2: Globally: No periods unless all are complete sentences.

|`--group-id`|Mandatory. Secret Group ID. | `--group-id 1fec0a49-1551-4199-bfcc-cf0352d0f29d`
|`--type`| Mandatory. Shared secret type. The value must match the existing secret type. | `--type Blob`
|`--name` | New name for your shared secret | `--name TestSharedSecret`
|`--content` |Blob text content (for blob type secrets)| `--type Blob --content example`
|`--expiration-date`| Expiration date for the secret. | `--expiration-date 2025-01-25`

> |`--key`| Key value (for SymmetricKey type secrets). | `--type SymmetricKey --key 49324329`

Reviewer 2: Should these types be in code font?

----

Creates a new certificate secret in the secret group specified in `--group-id`, using the name specified in `--name` and the type specified in `--type`. 

Besides the default flag `--help`, this command also accepts:

[%header,cols="30a,40a,30a"]
|===
|Flag | Description |  Example
|`--group-id`| Mandatory. Secret group ID. | `--group-id 1fec0a49-1551-4199-bfcc-cf0352d0f29d`
|`--name`|Mandatory. Name for your secret. | `--name TestSecret`
|`--type` | Mandatory. Choose the certificate secret type. +
Options: PEM. | `--type PEM`
|`--cert-file` |Certificate file path | `--cert-file /example-cert.pem`
|`--expiration-date`| Expiration date for the secret. | `--expiration-date 2025-01-25`

|===

[[secret-certificate-describe]]
== secrets-mgr:certificate:describe

----
> secrets-mgr:certificate:describe [flags] 
----
Returns the details of a certificate secret specified in `--id` from the secret group specified in `--group-id`. 

This command accepts the default flag `--help`.

NOTE: The output does not include any sensitive or secret data.

[[secret-certificate-list]]
== secrets-mgr:certificate:list

----
> secrets-mgr:certificate:list [flags]
----

> Lists all certificate secrets in a secret group specified in `--group-id`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Lists all certificate secrets in a secret group specified in `--group-id`.
```

Besides the default flag `--help`, this command also accepts:

[%header,cols="30a,40a,30a"]
|===
|Flag | Description |  Example
|`--group-id`| Mandatory. Secret group ID. | `--group-id 1fec0a49-1551-4199-bfcc-cf0352d0f29d`
|`--name`|Mandatory. Name for your secret. | `--name TestSecret`
|`--type` | Mandatory. Choose the keystore secret type. +
Options: PEM, JKS, PKCS12, JCEKS. | `--type PEM`
|`--algorithm` |Key manager factory algorithm for  JKS, PKCS12, and JCEKS keystore secrets. | `--algorithm PKIX`
|`--alias`| Alias for the key used in JKS, PKCS12, and JCEKS keystore secrets. | `--alias KeyAliasExample`
|`--capath-file`| CA path certificate file for PEM keystore secrets. | `--capath-file ./example-capath.pem`
|`--expiration-date`| Expiration date for the secret| `--expiration-date 2025-01-25`
|`--key-file`| Key file for PEM keystore secrets| `--key-file ./example-key.pem`
|`--key-passphrase`|Passphrase required for JKS, PKCS12 and JCEKS keystore secrets. Optional for PEM keystore secrets| `--key-passphrase examplePassphrase`
|`--keystore-file` |Keystore filepath for JKS, PKCS12, and JCEKS type secrets. | `--keystore-file ./keystorefile.jks`

> |`--store-passphrase` |Passphrase for the JKS,PKCS12, andJCEKS type secrets| `--store-passphrase ExampleStorePassphrase`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`--store-passphrase` |Passphrase for the JKS, PKCS12, and JCEKS type secrets| `--store-passphrase ExampleStorePassphrase`
```

Reviewer 2: I think Vale (or spellcheck) should catch these?

|===

[[secret-keystore-describe]]
== secrets-mgr:keystore:describe

----
> secrets-mgr:keystore:describe [flags] 
----

Returns the details of a keystore secret specified in `--id` from the secret group specified in `--group-id`. 

This command accepts the default flag `--help`.

> NOTE: The output does not include any sensitive or secret data.

Reviewer 2: You can use contractions (doesn't).

[[secret-keystore-list]]
== secrets-mgr:keystore:list

----
> secrets-mgr:keystore:list [flags]
----

> Lists all keystore secrets in a secret group specified in `--group-id`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Lists all keystore secrets in a secret group specified in `--group-id`.
```

Besides the default flag `--help`, this command also accepts:

[%header,cols="30a,40a,30a"]
|===
|Flag | Description |  Example
|`--id`| Mandatory. Secret ID. | `--id 6e8417f6-2ca7-417a-82b6-047189a18b53`
|`--type` | Mandatory. Choose the keystore secret type. +
Options: PEM, JKS, PKCS12, JCEKS. | `--type PEM`
|`--algorithm` |Key manager factory algorithm for  JKS, PKCS12, and JCEKS keystore secrets. | `--algorithm PKIX`
|`--alias`| Alias for the key used in JKS, PKCS12, and JCEKS keystore secrets. | `--alias KeyAliasExample`
|`--capath-file`| CA path certificate file for PEM keystore secrets. | `--capath-file ./example-capath.pem`
|`--expiration-date`| Expiration date for the secret| `--expiration-date 2025-01-25`
|`--key-file`| Key file for PEM keystore secrets| `--key-file ./example-key.pem`
|`--key-passphrase`|Passphrase required for JKS, PKCS12 and JCEKS keystore secrets. Optional for PEM keystore secrets|   `--key-passphrase examplePassphrase`
|`--keystore-file` |Keystore filepath for JKS, PKCS12, and JCEKS type secrets. | `--keystore-file ./keystorefile.jks`
|`--name`| Name for your secret. | `--name TestSecret`

> |`--store-passphrase` |Passphrase for the JKS,PKCS12, andJCEKS type secrets| `--store-passphrase ExampleStorePassphrase`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`--store-passphrase` |Passphrase for the JKS, PKCS12, and JCEKS type secrets| `--store-passphrase ExampleStorePassphrase`
```

|===
|Flag | Description |  Example
|`--group-id`| Mandatory. Secret group ID. | `--group-id 1fec0a49-1551-4199-bfcc-cf0352d0f29d`
|`--name`|Mandatory. Name for your secret. | `--name TestSecret`
|`--type` | Mandatory. Choose the truststore secret type. +
Options: PEM, JKS, PKCS12, JCEKS. | `--type PEM`
|`--truststore-file` |Mandatory. Truststore filepath. | `--truststore-file ./truststorefile.pem`
|`--algorithm` |Key manager factory algorithm for  JKS, PKCS12, and JCEKS keystore secrets. | `--algorithm SUNX509`
|`--expiration-date`| Expiration date for the secret| `--expiration-date 2025-01-25`
|`--store-passphrase`|Passphrase required for JKS, PKCS12 and JCEKS keystore secrets. | `--store-passphrase examplePassphrase`

|===

[[secret-truststore-describe]]
== secrets-mgr:truststore:describe

----
> secrets-mgr:truststore:describe [flags] 
----

Returns the details of a truststore secret specified in `--id` from the secret group specified in `--group-id`. 

This command accepts the default flag `--help`.

NOTE: The output does not include any sensitive or secret data.

[[secret-truststore-list]]
== secrets-mgr:truststore:list

----
> secrets-mgr:truststore:list [flags]
----

> Lists all truststore secrets in a secret group specified in `--group-id`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Lists all truststore secrets in a secret group specified in `--group-id`.
```

|`--tls-version` |TLS Version +
Default: TLSv1.2. | `--tls-version TLSv1.1`
|`--cipher` |Cipher for the specified TLS version. | `--cipher      TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256`
|`--expiration-date`| Expiration date for the secret| `--expiration-date 2025-01-25`
|`--insecure`|Disable certificate validation. | `--insecure`
|`--keystore-id`|A valid JKS, JCEKS or PKCS12 keystore ID in the secret group, which is used as keystore for the TLS context. | `--keystore-id 2d773060-aed0-46a7-b131-efbdb6ceff70`
|`--truststore-id`|A valid JKS, JCEKS or PKCS12 truststore ID in the secret group, which is used as truststore for the TLS context. | `--truststore-id 588c33e4-7f6f-44be-94e8-8b65a56d1670`

|===

[[secret-TLS-context-describe]]
== secrets-mgr:tls-context:mule:describe

----
> secrets-mgr:tls-context:mule:describe [flags] 
----

Returns the details of a Mule TLS Context secret specified in `--id` from the secret group specified in `--group-id`. 

This command accepts the default flag `--help`.

NOTE: The output does not include any sensitive or secret data.

[[secret-TLS-context-list]]
== secrets-mgr:tls-context:mule:list

----
> secrets-mgr:tls-context:mule:list [flags]
----

> Lists all Mule TLS Context secrets in a secret group specified in `--group-id`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Lists all Mule TLS Context secrets in a secret group specified in `--group-id`.
```

|`--group-id`| Mandatory. Secret group ID. | `--group-id 1fec0a49-1551-4199-bfcc-cf0352d0f29d`
|`--name`|Mandatory. Name for your secret. | `--name TestSecret`
|`--max-tls-version` |Maximum TLS Version +
Default: TLSv1.3. | `--max-tls-version TLSv1.2`
|`--min-tls-version` |Minimum TLS Version +
Default: TLSv1.3. | `--min-tls-version TLSv1.2`
|`--cipher` |Cipher for the specified TLS version range. | `--cipher TLS_ECDHE_PSK_WITH_CHACHA20_POLY1305_SHA256`
|`--alpn-protocol` |ALPN Protocol. +
Options: h2, http/1.1 | `--alpn-protocol h2`
|`--enable-client-cert-validation`| Enable client certificate validation | `--enable-client-cert-validation`
|`--expiration-date`| Expiration date for the secret| `--expiration-date 2025-01-25`
|`--keystore-id`|A valid PEM keystore ID in the secret group, which is used as keystore for the TLS context. | `--keystore-id 2d773060-aed0-46a7-b131-efbdb6ceff70`
|`--truststore-id`|A valid PEM truststore ID in the secret group, which is used as truststore for the TLS context. | `--truststore-id 588c33e4-7f6f-44be-94e8-8b65a56d1670`
|`--skip-server-cert-validation` | Skip service certificate validation | `--skip-server-cert-validation`

|===

> For more information on ciphers, please see xref:flex-gateway::conn-tls-config[Configuring TLS Context for Flex Gateway in Connected Mode]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information about ciphers, see xref:flex-gateway::conn-tls-config[Configuring TLS Context for Flex Gateway in Connected Mode].
```

Reviewer 2: Check the Style Reference for info about links and "please".

[[secret-TLS-flex-describe]]
== secrets-mgr:tls-context:flex-gateway:describe

----
> secrets-mgr:tls-context:flex-gateway:describe [flags] 
----

Returns the details of a Flex Gateway TLS Context secret specified in `--id` from the secret group specified in `--group-id`. 

This command accepts the default flag `--help`.

NOTE: The output does not include any sensitive or secret data.

[[secret-TLS-flex-list]]
== secrets-mgr:tls-context:flex-gateway:list

----
> secrets-mgr:tls-context:flex-gateway:list [flags]
----

> Lists all Flex Gateway TLS Context secrets in a secret group specified in `--group-id`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Lists all Flex Gateway TLS Context secrets in a secret group specified in `--group-id`.
```

|xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-TLS-context-replace[secrets-mgr:tls-context:mule:replace]| Replaces an existing Mule TLS context secret
|xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-TLS-flex-create[secrets-mgr:tls-context:flex-gateway:create]| Creates a new Flex Gateway TLS context secret
|xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-TLS-flex-describe[secrets-mgr:tls-context:flex-gateway:describe]| Shows details of a Flex Gateway TLS context secret
|xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-TLS-flex-list[secrets-mgr:tls-context:flex-gateway:list]| Lists all Flex Gateway TLS context secrets in a secret group
|xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-TLS-flex-modify[secrets-mgr:tls-context:flex-gateway:modify]| Modifies a Flex Gateway TLS context secret
|xref:anypoint-cli::secrets-manager.adoc#secret-TLS-flex-replace[secrets-mgr:tls-context:flex-gatway:replace]| Replaces an existing Flex Gateway TLS context secret

|===

// end::summary[]

// tag::commands[]

[[secret-group-create]]
== secrets-mgr:secret-group:create

----
> secrets-mgr:secret-group:create [flags] 
----

Creates a new secret group with the name specified by `--name`.

> Prompt the `--downloadable` flag if the secrets in this group are referenced in an API Manager proxy.

Reviewer 2: Should this be documented in a table?

This command also accepts the default `--help` flag.

[[secret-group-delete]]
== secrets-mgr:secret-group:delete

----
> secrets-mgr:secret-group:delete [flags] 
----

> Deletes the secret group specified by `--id` +

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Deletes the secret group specified by `--id`.
```

[WARNING]
This command does not prompt for confirmation before deleting. 

This command accepts the default flag `--help`.

[[secret-group-describe]]
== secrets-mgr:secret-group:describe

----
> secrets-mgr:secret-group:describe [flags]
----

Returns the details of a secret group specified by `--id`. 

This command accepts the default flag `--help`.

[[secret-group-list]]
== secrets-mgr:secret-group:list

----
> secrets-mgr:secret-group:list [flags]
----

Lists all your secret groups, including the name and ID.

This command accepts only the default flag `--help`.

[[secrets-group-modify]]
== secrets-mgr:secret-group:modify

----
> secrets-mgr:secret-group:modify [flags] 
----

> Modifies a secret group specified by `--id`. +

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Modifies a secret group specified by `--id`.
```

Reviewer 2: Search for errant + characters. Do these show up in your local build?

[%header,cols="30a,40a,30a"]
|===
|Flag | Description |  Example
|`--id`| Secret ID (required) | `--id 6e8417f6-2ca7-417a-82b6-047189a18b53`
|`--group-id`| Secret Group ID (required) | `--group-id 1fec0a49-1551-4199-bfcc-cf0352d0f29d`
|`--type`|Certificate secret type (required) + 
The value must match the existing secret type. | `--type PEM`
|`--name` | New name for your shared secret | `--name TestSharedSecret`
|`--cert-file` |Certificate file type | `--cert-file ./example-cert.pem`
|`--expiration-date`| Expiration date for the secret | `--expiration-date 2025-01-25`

|===

[[secret-keystore-create]]
== secrets-mgr:keystore:create

----
> secrets-mgr:keystore:create [flags] 
----

Creates a new keystore secret in the secret group specified by `--group-id`, using the name specified by `--name` and the type specified by `--type`. 

In addition to the default flag `--help`, this command accepts the following flags:

[%header,cols="30a,40a,30a"]
|===
|Flag | Description |  Example
|`--group-id`|Secret group ID (required) | `--group-id 1fec0a49-1551-4199-bfcc-cf0352d0f29d`
|`--name`|Name for your secret (required) | `--name TestSecret`

> |`--type` |Choose the keystore secret type (required) +

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`--type` |Keystore secret type (required) +
```

[%header,cols="30a,40a,30a"]
|===
|Flag | Description |  Example
|`--group-id`| Mandatory. Secret group ID. | `--group-id 1fec0a49-1551-4199-bfcc-cf0352d0f29d`
|`--name`|Mandatory. Name for your secret. | `--name TestSecret`
|`--type` | Mandatory. Choose the certificate secret type. +
Options: PEM. | `--type PEM`

> |`--cert-file` |Certificate file path | `--cert-file /example-cert.pem`

Reviewer: Minor - The example file path must be  `./example-cert.pem`  (period must be present before the slash)

> secrets-mgr:certificate:replace  [flags] 
----

Replaces an existing certificate secret specified in `--id`, from the secret group specified in `--group-id`, using the type specified in `--type`. 

Besides the default flag `--help`, this command also accepts:

[%header,cols="30a,40a,30a"]
|===
|Flag | Description |  Example
|`--id`| Mandatory. Secret ID. | `--id 6e8417f6-2ca7-417a-82b6-047189a18b53`
|`--group-id`|Mandatory. Secret Group ID. | `--group-id 1fec0a49-1551-4199-bfcc-cf0352d0f29d`
|`--type`| Mandatory. Certificate secret type. The value must match the existing secret type. | `--type PEM`
|`--name` | New name for your shared secret | `--name TestSharedSecret`

> |`--cert-file` |Certificate file type | `--cert-file /example-cert.pem`

Reviewer: Minor - The example file path must be  `./example-cert.pem`  (period must be present before the slash)
